Add further instructions for upgrading GoLang in Router (#309)
alphagov/router: README.md

1. Install the new version of Go on the CI machines (See [Why do we install Go on CI machines rather than Cache machines?](#why-do-we-install-go-on-ci-machines-rather-than-cache-machines)). You do this via puppet. See [here](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-puppet/pull/11457/files) for an example PR. Once this PR has been approved and merged wait for puppet to run, or trigger a puppet run yourself as per [the developer docs](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/deploy-puppet.html#convergence).
2. Dependabot's PR will modify the Go version in the Dockerfile, but you also need to update the version number in the file `.go-version` See [here](https://github.com/alphagov/router/pull/241/files) for an example PR.

> 3. You will also have to update the Go version in `go.mod`. This will necessitate having Go installed on your local machine, changing the version number and running in terminal `go mod tidy` and `go mod vendor` in sequence to update correctly. See [here](https://github.com/alphagov/router/pull/307/commits/c0e4d753a48c71e84a3e4734389191e36bae9611). Also see [Upgrading Go Modules](#upgrading-go-modules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You will also have to update the Go version in `go.mod`. This will necessitate having Go installed on your local machine, changing the version number and running in terminal `go mod tidy` and `go mod vendor` in sequence to update correctly. See [example PR](https://github.com/alphagov/router/pull/307/commits/c0e4d753a48c71e84a3e4734389191e36bae9611). Also see [Upgrading Go Modules](#upgrading-go-modules).
```
